Add pipeline tuner component and dependencies. (#671)
microsoft/FLAML: website/docs/Examples/Tune-AzureML-pipeline.md

```

### Configurations for the pipeline

The pipeline configuration is defined in
`configs/train_config.yaml`.

```yaml
hydra:
  searchpath:
    - file://.

aml_config:
  workspace_name: your_workspace_name
  resource_group: your_resource_group
  subscription_id: your_subscription_id
  cpu_target: cpucluster

train_config:
  exp_name: sklearn_breast_cancer_classification
  test_train_ratio: 0.4
  learning_rate: 0.05
  n_estimators: 50
```

### Define and submit the pipeline

The pipeline was defined in
`submit_train_pipeline.py`.

To submit the pipeline, please specify your AzureML resources
in the `configs/train_config.yaml` and run

```bash
cd test/pipeline_tuning_example
python submit_train_pipeline.py
```

To get the pipeline ready for HPO, in the training step,
we need to log the metrics of interest to AzureML using

```python
run.log(f"{data_name}_{eval_name}", result)
```

## Hyperparameter Optimization

We are now ready to set up the HPO job for the AzureML pipeline, including:

- config the HPO job,
- set up the interaction between the HPO job and the training job.

These two steps are done in `tuner/tuner_func.py`.

### Set up the tune job

> `tuner_func.tune_pipeline` sets up the search space, metric to optimize, mode, et al.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tuner_func.tune_pipeline` sets up the search space, metric to optimize, mode, etc.
```
